Clarify Z-Wave control panel docs (#15533)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/z-wave/control-panel.markdown

description: "How to use the Z-Wave control panel."
---

The Z-Wave control panel is available via **Configuration** &rarr; **Integrations** &rarr; **Z-Wave** &rarr; **Configure**.

* **No Z-Wave integration?** Follow the [set up instructions](/docs/z-wave/installation/) to enable it.
* **Missing the *Configuration* button?** See the [configuration documentation](/integrations/config/) for instructions on enabling it.

<div class='note'>

> The current Z-Wave integration will eventually be deprecated and replaced with a <a href="https://developers.home-assistant.io/blog/2020/02/04/new-zwave/">new implementation based on OZWDaemon</a>; it's currently in beta, and you can <a href="https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/ozw/">try it now</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The current Z-Wave integration will eventually be deprecated and replaced with a [new implementation based on OpenZWave Daemon](https://developers.home-assistant.io/blog/2020/02/04/new-zwave/); it's currently in beta, and you can [try it now](/integrations/ozw/).

```
